okay I want to ask you what three things
do JY shark Lululemon whoop Birkenstock
aloe and Hoka all have in common for one
they fill up my closet two they've all
blown up over the past few years and
three their emails suck now I can say
this because over the past 3 years I've
literally locked myself in my room for
10 to 12 hours a day to write design and
operate some of your favorite 78 figure
e-commerce Brands email accounts and
generate a few million dollars in the
process well actually 40 million if we
want to be exact and the truth is the
brands that I've listed could be making
a few extra million dollars just if they
made these simple changes to their
emails which are literally hiding in
plain sight that I'm going to be
revealing to you in this video I'm going
to one by one be breaking down each
Brand's emails and the little mistakes
that they're making that's just leaving
a ton of Revenue on the table and
then also I'll be walking you through
some fresh email designs that I made for
each one of these Brands showing you
exactly the changes that need to be made
in order to print money out of thin air
whether you're an e-com brand owner
looking to make more money out of emails
or your a marketer looking to make other
people more money out of their emails
this video will give you everything you
need to know about writing copy and
creating email designs that actually get
your customers to convert so let's take
some emails from meh to Absolute
masterpieces all righty so heading over
here to the figma file this is where we
design all our emails right inside of
figma we have the six different brands
here we have whoop Birkenstock aloe jym
shark Lululemon and then Hoka first
victim we have whoop and we have their
before and then after first thing I want
to point out like going to their website
you know it's very futuristic they have
stuff that like they have different
colors different elements and it's just
very immersive for the customer but when
we go to the actual email design it's
just very Bland they have this simple
just like pretty much nothing hero image
and then it's just very plain following
the same layout everything's just black
and white there's nothing really cool
about it that's one thing that we
definitely wanted to take up a notch but
the main other thing that stands out is
look at how low in this email the first
button is that means the customer once
they open the email they have to scroll
almost a mile before they could actually
go to the website this is going to
drastically impair their click rates
they're not going to get a lot of people
on their website and in turn they're not
going to get a lot of sales if you have
buttons this low in the email so it's
super key that we move this up and we
actually want to add some more life to
this email adding some more graphic
elements making it flow a little bit
better and then also just updating the
copy cuz the copy is very very Bland
we're not like other deliverables
discover how whoop outperforms other
wearables to help you unlock your best
everything's just very very Bland
there's just a lot of room for
improvement especially just by improving
where we're placing our buttons and
being strategic about that so we can
make it as easy as possible for the
customer to click our emails okay and
then right here to the side is the one
that we made whoop right here right off
the bat look at this button a massive
button way up at the top of the email
the the customer does not need a scroll
to click this button they can see right
off the bat every single person that
opens this email they're going to see
the button whereas right here if
somebody opens this email they're only
seeing like from here upwards they're
not able to see that button and not a
lot of people are going to scroll right
here we're showing directly in their
face hey you can click right here and
get on our website and the main other
thing that sticks out is we changed the
copy and actually like gave the customer
a value proposition let's talk about the
free trial so this is the copy that they
had it's just talking about discover
whoop and talking about all the features
there's really no like benefit for the
customer to click besides like learn
more nobody wants to learn more they
want to be given something and so all of
the calls to action for whoop we want to
just boil that around their free month
trial you literally can get a whoop sent
to you for free and you use it for a
month so that's what we want to be
focusing on all our emails to get people
to actually take action and then let's
talk about the copy so they said we're
not like other wearables we changed it
to be a little bit more fun to say they
not like us they're a fitness tracker
we're a performance partner there's
levels to this and they not like us so
it's like the like the Kendrick Lamar
song I think that'll hit well with the
demographic make it a little bit more
fun kind of like more modern and up
to-date CU right now this just looks
like a 2005 brand that doesn't really do
anything and isn't caught up with the
times the main thing about whoop is the
app and how it's connected to the uh
wearable and so we want to make sure
that we make that clear in the hero
section and then this bridge section
here just making it a little bit more
fun they give you numbers we give you
insights making it super easy to read
sometimes going back and forth can be
hard for the customer we've notice that
if you lay things out vertically it
performs better we make it stand out a
little bit more as well we have this
transition in the back that goes over
top this section making it a little bit
more immersive like the website which is
immersive and it has these cool
transitions that's what we wanted to
replicate with these emails and adding
some more graphic elements just to make
it so it's not just like black and white
other than that the copy down here
pretty much stayed the same name we just
wanted to make sure the hero section
which is where 75% of your attention
should go is being absolutely optimized
and then of course once you get to the
bottom reminding the customer of the
free trial again another difference that
you're going to see is the footer shop
by category we added this section right
here so shopping by category for
memberships and accessories we've
noticed that if you put buttons in the
footer of your email you get a ton of
clicks if you're telling people to go
shop other items this because the
customer gets to the bottom of this but
maybe they already have a woop maybe
this was accidentally sent to somebody
who already has a whoop and they already
got their free trial well you're still
going to get people who get to the
bottom and they're like what do I do now
do you want them to just close out of
the app no you want to give them options
to continue shopping and go on the
website so things like memberships or
accessories so you'll see on like some
other brands like how we use these
buttons in order to get clicks so that's
the full email here you can see it let
me know I think it looks a lot more
modern and it's definitely conversion
optimized a bit better to be able to get
more people on the website so birken
stock is very
very Bland with everything that they're
doing their emails again look like
they're stuck in the year 2000 these
shop now buttons are very kind of hard
to see the text is very very small and
they also have an older demographic as a
major part of Their audience as well so
we really want to be mindful of our font
sizes that we're using one thing that
hurts conversions is having these
navigation buttons at the top of your
email it's just right when somebody
opens the email they see four or five
different buttons right here it just
overwhelms them and it hurts your
conversions in increases churn product
section is just very boring we're
telling the person so many different
things we're saying shop now and then
we're also saying sign me up for catalog
and then we're saying follow us on
Instagram and then we're saying sign up
for a free membership and then we're
saying tag us on Instagram and then
we're saying here are these
recommendations just way too much the
customer we need to make it super easy
for them just give them one or two
options in calls to action in your
emails so what we did with this email we
kept the theme of leather weather we
kind of changed the products a little
bit but we focused on really finding
cool products and making the email a
little bit more modern and so this is
what we did as well you can see like the
font sizes so two different variations
let's look a little bit into the copy so
leather weather tumbled nubuck if that's
how you say it leather brings out the
best in classic sandals fall color fine
gray natural character quite Bland in my
opinion so we upgraded that crisp AAR
cozy fits and classic leather the leaves
are changing and so should your shoes
step into comfort that only gets better
with time talking about how berkenstock
they're always moving with the times and
their pieces like come back and so just
playing into that a little bit and so we
have more of like a fall Vibe here then
we have one that's a little more
eye-catching with the pink you can see
the product that's featured we put it
right here and also a really cool
feature is just adding the colors that
somebody can have in the product that's
going to give them another reason to go
check out click shop now click on the
product so that they can go learn more
and see what colors they are and what
they actually look like so you can see
how big the products are super easy to
see this is going to work well for the
demographic and then also just big
buttons look at the difference in this
even a blind person could click these
this is what you want so we also removed
all of the Clutter and these different
call to actions we just did one just
show off the Instagram we thought that
you know maybe this could use a little
bit more life so let's insert a photo
gallery and then tell people to go hit
us up on Instagram and that's really it
and then of course upgrading the footer
as well to be a little bit more clean we
found this to perform better in terms of
laying the categories on um a column on
two columns and then putting the
categories so this allows for any body
they get to the bottom of this email
they wanted to see the bottom because it
was a cool looking design so they just
keep scrolling and then they get to the
bottom they're like hm I might as well
go shop I'm a man let me go shop this
will drastically improve their click
rates and help get a lot more people on
the website is just taking things up a
notch and making things this clean this
take on Birkenstock's designs is
definitely a little bit different from
what they've done in the past but we're
really trying a different like modern
look we wanted to test things out see
how it looks especially with the
collection and the leather products that
we used we felt like it gave like the
modern vibe that we could do with these
emails so I think it goes well Al
together not sure branding wise if it's
exactly what Birkenstock wants but all
in all I think it shows you the
conversion principles that we want to
follow big buttons at the top of the
emails and then the flow and making it
all look modern this checks all those
boxes so that is another Banger let's go
to yet another Banger this one we have
aloe so aloe is like a fitness brand
kind of like this this is viori but kind
of like Fitness brand similar to
Lululemon they actually have pretty
solid emails except for their
automations that are firing so I
received this email it says trending
tops definitely worth a second look and
so you can see this there's a bunch of
different tops that are featured and
that's it how this fired was likely I
was browsing tops like to get my sister
like a Christmas present and they saw
that I was browsing tops and so what
they're doing is they're resending me an
email a couple hours after I was
browsing to be like hey take another
look there are a lot of things that are
wrong in this email first thing there's
an issue with the coloring in the font
right here this just does not look good
at all we always want to have a button
at the top of our emails right here so
right when I open this email I can be
like all right I'll go I'll go take a
look at some more tops and then click on
and then browse the site no they're
making it incredibly difficult and then
you might think oh there's got to be a
button at the bottom there's not even a
button to keep shopping in this email
there are no buttons which is ridiculous
coming from a $100 million company they
do have the shop women and Shop men up
here here but even then we need to have
these at the bottom these navigation
buttons we want to have in the footer
rather than right at the top where we're
overwhelming the customer with shopping
different things that's the main thing
very Bland this got messed up there's no
button we want to introduce a button at
the top and then as far as this section
this is okay except for it's very
unclear for the customer on if they can
like click these items and Shop this is
why we always want to have shop now
buttons for individual products at the
very least we want to underline the name
of the product so customers know that
you can click it that will dramatically
improve their click rates than the
conversions on this email so what I do
is insert a button up at the top here
add individual buttons for these
products and then finish with a button
at the bottom I like these icons these
help with people who may be like on the
edge but I'd also want to add shop by
category buttons on the bottom and that
is exactly what we did in this upgraded
email this just seemed a little Bland so
we wanted to upgrade it have a cool
lifestyle photo that's in Winter right
now it's November for me we like to
change these images with the season for
fashion brands just so it's like up to
date then on top of that we added some
like more playful copy like serve in
your new top like hey you're serving um
and then these deserve a second look
grab your new piece you deserve it big
button right at the top of the email
somebody was browsing a top but then
they got distracted a few hours ago they
see this email and then they're going to
keep shopping so that's perfect we have
this cool image right here and then we
get to the product section which is way
more modern looking and way more of Alo
Vibe where you have the different
products right here and then white and
black each one has a big shop now button
for the customer to click changing the
different layouts doing one here and
then one here and then back to two and
then finishing with a general shop all
tops experience the aloe difference I
love the flow of this it's a lot more
modern it matches their branding a lot
better where this is just out of date
and you can tell that it's been over a
year since they updated This and like I
mentioned before shop by category
buttons in the footer it's going to pick
up a ton of extra clicks say I was
browsing for Tops but I realized I
didn't need any tops anymore I scroll to
the bottom of this email I can click
shop byom and go shop other things like
bottoms and that's going to pick up a
lot of extra clicks rather than me
getting to the bottom not seeing what I
want and then leaving and let's move
right along we've gone through three
let's go to the big one we have gym
shark these are the current gym shark
emails so these are four random gym
shark emails and what do you notice
about them it is the same exact thing
every single time that is the easiest
way to lose attention out of your
customers and loose subscribers nobody
wants to receive the same thing every
time they want newness they want
dopamine they want different layouts
they want different colors they want
different themes they want fun copy this
is how you keep subscribers in just
compound your email Revenue over time
and it's just very very Bland layers to
get you in the gym back in stock gifting
bestsellers the essentials it's just not
cool all of the images are taken just
within like a photo studio which just
does not match their Instagram their
Instagram is full of life and full of
people and it just creates just like
like a separate life pretty much and
separate experience on the email side we
want that to be a little bit more of the
same so that there's consistency and
none of these products have individual
shop now buttons very unclear there's
too much going on down here there's no
category buttons down at the bottom and
that's just not what we're looking for
when we're a brand this big so these are
three emails that we made for gym shark
and what you notice right off the bat
compared to the other ones is there's a
lot more variability it's just a little
bit more immersive for the customer
let's break them down one by one so
rather than just having like the basic
copy that they have in these emails we
wanted to upgrade things in this one so
in a world where you can do anything do
gym and this is a saying that they kind
of like say on their Instagram and so we
go in with like a little bit more
emotional copy the gym is our Sanctuary
or sweat drowns out doubt and every rep
silences the noise of the world here you
find peace in the grind and strength in
the struggle proving that the best
battles are fought within amazing button
right up at the top of the email so
people can see it and click you have the
strong top section with d gym in the
background it's just a super cool email
with powerful copy it kind of fits gym
shark in their Vibe a lot more than
these corporate emails over here and
then we connect that to say and if
you're going to do gym do it right mix
and match our favorites back in stock
for a guaranteed shirt shredding pump in
this bottom section is actually a gif if
we click here and it flips through
different items right here so you can
mix and match best sellers to create
different outfits which is pretty
creative and then you finish with the
new drops just in with the final call to
action here here at the bottom and then
shopping by category at the bottom is
exactly what we want a lot more
immersive and a lot more fun and then we
have the social proof email as well by
Gym lovers for gym lovers you can see
the background with the logos it looks a
lot cooler and then we have some cool
testimonials over a phone 100 plus
verified
reviews Bolding the main points very
immersive then a big button right
underneath it a cool photo gallery which
helps with branding and it goes from
like this gray background a gradient
into just the plain white ending with
the shop now button this is going to
help earn trust points with the customer
and even if they don't convert off this
email they're getting more testimonials
which gets them to trust us more so that
they can buy down the line and then I
wanted to create a value based email so
we found a Blog on dumbbell back
exercises that you can use without the
gym and so we're saying top no fuss
dumbbell back exercises so showing
somebody with a jacked back and then
we're saying like hey this is what you
can do and then we actually break down
different parts of the back giving the
customer some value telling them what
the different parts of the backs are
saying back Anatomy 101 um which I think
is pretty cool breaking down the
different parts in their purposes and
then connecting back again into the blog
and getting people to go back on the
website so giving them value giving some
social proof and then just having a
branded email with some more powerful
copy this is what the differences look
like mixing things up making the designs
more immersive and not making them as
corporate that was the goal for the gym
shark emails and I think we accomplish
that next moving along second to last we
have this Lulu Lemon email so I want to
talk about this email first this was an
email that they sent out a campaign melt
into it dissolve into every back bend
and forward fold wrapped in textured
buttery softness that is very very
strong copy I love it I don't really
want to change anything there that's
awesome but the problem here with this
hero section I like the button at the
top we do have these buttons which I
don't love we want to put that in the
footer but the problem is this button is
so small and it's in the top left corner
of the email if you think about it you
hold your phone in your right hand if
I'm looking at the email buttons in the
top left corner I have to like stretch
my thumb to click it and that actually
has a very big impact on conversions
you'd think stretching your thumb isn't
as big of a deal but for the lazy
customer it is and then through the rest
of this email it's unclear that people
can click this you either need to
underline this text and again I've
tested this I've AB tested this
consistently you always get more clicks
if you underline or include a shop now
button and then same thing for this
section again button way too small you
just need it to be bigger for the
customer to click then you have some
categories down here but everything down
here is kind of bland so we want to take
this up a notch a little bit just with
our button placement kind of just like
mix things up and so right here we have
this top section melt into your set yoga
trending making it more of a trending
angle rather than just like hey shop
these products talk about trending and
we're actually using a gif in this top
section so it's going to play through
different products we use the same copy
and look at how big this button is and
again we're making it branded to
trending our subject line in preview
text would really talk about trending
and how this stuff is new and hot so
that people have more reason to shop our
products now you notice the button is
quite low and I wanted to show you that
you don't need to have a button at the
top of your emails every single time you
want to make sure you're mixing it up so
your customer is getting different style
emails and so you can do that every once
in a while have buttons and layouts like
this but just look at how big the button
is that's what we want now wanted to
make sure we connected to people who
weren't necessarily going to yoga and so
I said style doesn't stop at the mat and
then showing products as well as
testimonials this is something that
these big Brands feel like they don't
need to do but I've tested it on big 89
figure Brands testimonials always help
so having products here and then their
testimonials and individual shop now
buttons finishing with a large shop
trending yoga button and again style
doesn't stop at the mat what if people
aren't doing yoga we want to shop by
collection give people further options
so we have running workout casual and
yoga this is going to help make sure
that this email can get conversions off
of Everybody not just active yoga
members so you can see the difference
right here we have the GIF at the top
what's going to be playing um a lot more
conversion based here with the product
sections and then also the shop by
collection if people get to the bottom
and they want to shop other items so
perfect that's Lululemon let's get to
the last one here we have Hoka Hoka Ram
free designed for Tech technical terrain
now with more colors to keep things
interesting shop now showing some
products and then for the Wild Ones and
then tag us on Instagram so if you
notice the theme you're probably going
to notice that I'm going to say these
need to have shop now buttons I'd like
to have a general shop now button as
well right under these for people who
don't necessarily like every single one
of these products maybe they are
interested in shopping now but they
don't like these ones we want to give
them an option right after browsing this
to shop other items and also again shop
now buttons quite small it's just it's
it's very blocky there's really no flow
to this email it's just section and then
section and then section and these
sections aren't even really cool they
don't have a lot of elements in them so
we want to take that up a notch right
here with this what I did was I took
this image and then I used an AI
extender I just looked up on the
Internet AI photo extender and then got
this extended to show the sky and to
make it more immersive and not have just
blocky sections putting the logo
actually over top the image making Ram
free just bigger in the light and then
upgrading this body copy keeping your
comfort through thick and thin no matter
the terrain blaze up the trails and are
new and improved colorways which I
wanted to say because they said new
shades here let's touch on that in the
top copy and then of course a big button
right at the top of the email that we
know the customer is going to see and
even a blind person will see that's how
big it is and then this bridge section I
wanted to take things up a notch and
actually talk about the product a little
bit to educate the customer on why our
product is like actually so good and so
cool we have the product in the
background an engineered mesh durra and
outsole and then 4 mm lugs so actually
talking about the intricacies in the
product why it's so cool this is going
to convince customers to buy if they
actually care about running because they
have these awesome features which are
tied to benefits about the product that
go back to the customer rather than this
email where you're kind of just saying
check out our shoes you're not giving
the customer any reason to actually buy
from you so and then we have a big shop
now button and then we go to actually
listing some products each one having an
individual shop now button and then we
finish right here with woman and man so
that you get to the bottom you see these
products you don't like these exact ones
you can shop by woman or shop by man
right at the bottom here's how the email
looks more immersive in the hero section
introducing a more educational Bridge
section and then showing the products
with individual shoing out buttons and
then giving people the option to shop by
category if they want so that is Hoka
going through all these emails again
just quickly let me know what one your
favorite was I think probably my
favorite is this whoop one right at the
beginning I liked the copy I thought it
was kind of creative that they not like
us that song's been stuck on my head too
but also I think the biggest upgrade as
well is aloe you know these automations
are firing for them without any buttons
which is pretty ridiculous so I think
this would probably have the biggest
impact on the business but also jym
shark just for customer engagement these
emails are just going to really take
things up a notch and help with their
subscribes and keeping their list
engaged so that they can make big
amounts of money when they do send sale
emails but all in all let me know what
you think which one of these were your
favorites I like them all so it's hard
to pick that was me making six popular
brands a ton more money now if you
want to see me actually design these
emails I have a video right here
actually showing you those gym shark
emails and you get to watch me write and
design and Implement those emails so if
you like the gym shark emails click this
video right here you'll get the full
process from A to Z hope you enjoyed
this video let me know if there are any
other brands that you want me to upgrade
and I will see you in the next one